 
1. Welcome to Pisi Linux 1.0!
Welcome to Pisi Linux 1.0. Pisi linux’ main goal is to present an easy to install and configure, and easy to use distribution for all users. Pisi Linux provides all the basic desktop requirements that an end-user needs. We are very ambitious. We are most confident that Pisi will provide a stable, GUI based, and user-oriented distribution. Pisi Linux comes with ease of use and installation, with important improvements to the KDE Desktop Environment.

You can connect to the internet with Pisi Linux in a safe manner, check your emails, and stay in touch with your friends. Thanks to Pisi Linux you will be able to use the multimedia, listen to music, watch movies, etc. The capability of your computer is optimally utilized thanks to Pisi Linux.

More information about Pisi Linux and the Pisi Linux community is available at the following adresses: http://forum.pisilinux.org and http://forum.pisilinuxworld.org. 


1.1. What is Pisi Linux?
Pisi Linux is a GNU/Linux distribution. It is based on the original Pardus and is developed by the Free Software community. Pisi Linux is an open source project and hence is free for download. 
Pisi Linux provides out of the box applications. Softwares which are not installed by default can easily be downloaded and installed from its repositories. Additionally, Pisi Linux will recognize all hardwares and devices automatically.
No worries about viruses. You can download any file without having to worry about viruses infecting your system.
Installation takes only about 20 to 30 minutes with the help of a graphical interface which helps you to set up the system.
Office softwares, internet browsers, chat softwares are ready to be used after installation.
Personalize your desktop environment and change it however you want it.
Pisi Linux is an end-user oriented distribution. Therefore, no expertise is required. You can immediately start using the distribution after installation.


1.2 Feedback
Any bugs you might find or errors you might encounter should be reported to the developers. The Bug Tracking System is the fastest and easiest method to do this.
A Bug Tracking System is a web based interface where users report bugs in the distribution to it’s developers. The system is transparent meaning that everyone can follow which bugs are reported.
You can send your comments, complaints or bugs about Pisi Linux to our Bug Tracking System at http://bugs.pisilinux.org


2. Basic Features
This part introduces some features of Pisi Linux 1.0.


2.1 Updated Components
As stated earlier on, Pisi Linux provides out of the box applications and comes with the latest and most popular free softwares. Some of the featured softwares are listed below:

*KDE Desktop Environment 4.10.2
*Kernel 3.8.6
*LibreOffice Suite 4.0.2.2
*Mozilla Firefox Browser 20.0
*Gimp 2.8.4
*GCC 4.7.2
*Glibc 2.17


2.3 KDE 4.10.2 Desktop Environment
KDE comes with certain developments and improvements for Pisi Linux. The latest stable version of KDE comes as the default DE in Pisi Linux 1.0. Additionally, all KDE softwares can be found in the Pisi Linux repositories, with their latest versions that is.

Pisi Linux provides a new and unique desktop experience to its users with the latest stable version of KDE! 


2.4 Other Desktop Environments
Enlightenment 1.7.5 is ideal for users who need a simple, but still visually appealing DE. Xfce 4.10 comes with customized themes for Pisi Linux. Lxde is ideal for users who prefer simplicity and low CPU usage.
All of these desktop environments can be found in the Pisi Linux repositories. 


2.5 Pisi Linux Technologies
Pisi Linux will develop its distribution-specific technologies which it has taken over from the original Pardus, and hereby aims to contribute to the world of free software.

Some improvements which were made, can be summarized as follows:
* YALI and Kaptan: the whole interface is redesigned to improve its user-friendliness.
* PISI:
 * API-patches for Pisi Linux were applied in order to compile kernel 3.4.
 * Improvements were made regarding possible packaging errors.
 * The “WorkDir” expression is not required anymore. PiSi's 'auto pilot' recognizes the working directory    automatically.
 * APIs were improved.
 * The compiling speed is improved.


3. Installation Requirements
Pisi Linux 1.0 needs at least 4GB HDD space for installation. This value is the same for all installations, however it doesn’t allow to choose packages after installation.

A 10GB HDD space is highly recommended in order to answer to the users' daily needs. Packages can easily be downloaded after installation.

Swap: A 'swap'-space is used when the physical memory is inefficient. If you're sure that your physical memory is enough for daily usage, you may choose not to create a swap-space.
